docs: Remove Flash (#6994)
videojs/video.js: docs/index.md

#### [Tech](/docs/guides/tech.md)

> A "tech" is the shorthand we're using to describe any video playback technology - be it HTML5 video or a  You Tube player. Basically anything that has a unique API to audio or video. Additional playback technologies can be added relatively easily.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A "tech" is the shorthand we're using to describe any video playback technology - be it HTML5 video or a YouTube player. Basically anything that has a unique API to audio or video. Additional playback technologies can be added relatively easily.
```
